# Carding Course

## <b>Chapter 1    - Prelude

<q>You can find me on HackTown as your carding master for any questions or advice. My name is Cartier.

#### <p>This chapter is a brief summary of my background and experience that was used to help develop and create this carding course with Funshine. You can consider this chapter as my "resume" and although my methods and tactics discussed may not work for everyone this is just from my carding career perspective. Ride your own wave friends. Hello and welcome to 2020.

I have much experience with carding for the past 4 years and have been riding the wave for quite some time. In my younger years I was carding everything from electronics to clothing but once I matured I realized this was bullshit and learned about other credit card fraud schemes that were much more profitable, easier, but a little more riskier. We will discuss carding in detail shortly but first a little about myself.

I'm an experienced carder and have been able to profit literally hundreds of thousands of dollars without really encountering any major issues once I figured out a good method for the place I was carding against. My opinion is carding items online is not where your efforts should be focused but we'll still discuss all types of carders in this course for you to decide what is best for you and your situation. I think it's beneficial to learn everything about credit card fraud to give you a solid foundation to build on towards whatever level of carder you choose to be.

People that are carding and performing fraud are just average people like me and you, for the most part. They've accumulated the right knowledge and skills needed for them to succeed. If they didn't have that knowledge or skill set they simply figured out a way to either purchase or obtain it. Pretty straight forward right? If you can't hack a website to skim credit card data then you're forced to purchase credit cards from others who can. This should make sense, right? It's also about networking sometimes and knowing the right people. Timing, just like in life, can be everything. Carders and fraudsters aren't super master criminals. The only difference between you and them is they know how to do it, and you don't. Yet.

I got into the carding scene around 2014. Well actually longer then 2014 but 2014 I consider my "real" start in making money. Anyways, I was in my small ass studio staring out the window debating on next step in life you know? Current situation wasn't good. I know my rent is due next week and I don't have it. I know I need to buy groceries but I can't afford them. I logged into my bank account and I had $7.96 USD (actual number) left to my name. I'm right above rock bottom ish kind of level? Not really. I guess just financially rock bottom ish if you know what I mean? Maybe you can relate who knows.

I had some hacking skills at the time but I needed to learn more about fraud because I was hearing about the success of other people with carding and I wanted in on that shit. How do I learn this craft? Where do I start? And how do I become successful with this?

I already spent way too much time in many other forums trying learn carding/hacking from the WRONG people, buying the wrong items, and sending my Liberty Reserve (LR) to everyone I shouldn't have. Liberty Reserve was before Bitcoin which was a fraud diamond in the rough at the time. Google that shit.

Anyways, I know I needed proper information or just a little nudge in the right direction so I decided to reach out to an old friend who I knew was career criminal. He's been in and out of jail for committing credit card fraud, bank fraud, and a whole bunch of shit really for as long as I've known him. Obviously he wasn't good at it because he got caught multiple times but the last I heard about him was he seemed to be doing very well in the fraud game so I figured that was a good place to start my learning.

Within 24 hours of the first thought of "how can I commit some type of fraud?" I sold as much of my shit as I could on craigslist, packed clothes and my laptop, and bought a one-way ticket to Portland to meet up with my fraud friend for a week. I put myself in a situation where failure was not an option. Eminem really got that lyric right. That week I spent with him was my fraud diploma school as I call it. It was my moment when I looked at the fraud world differently and realized the way I can make a good living off of it. I also realized my "potential" or my "skill level" in fraud. We all have our own potential and max skill levels with fraud. All of us know something different and think a little differently. Anyways, until the opioid crisis sucked that dude down and buried him like so many people I knew he made a ton of money in a small amount of time.

We all say "once I make money I'm going to lay low don't worry" at the beginning like somehow we're immune to greed or some shit. Umm yeah OK I think we all THINK we're going to lay low when we start making money but when all of a sudden it's raining dollars you're gonna go on a maniac spree like the rest of us. I will bet on that shit man.

Before meeting my friend when I first started in fraud I was ballz deep in the forums talking with so many people trying to get my shit off the ground and get rich. I came to realize that most people that had input on carding, fraud, etc. didn't know any more than I did. The people I talked to had some sort of idea but the real carders were long gone and the people giving me information didn't really know what the fuck was going on. I knew the basics and knew I needed to obtain a stolen credit card (CC) number, expiry date, CVV, Date Of Birth (DOB), name on the card, address, telephone number, and location of the card holder to be successful. I knew the basics, which I'm sure you do too. What I started off doing in the beginning was trying to card high priced items from major online retailers with stolen credit card details but didn't realize how stupid that was but that's where I started out. I think most carders start out at thinking that that's how they'll be successful too. Starting out I didn't know where to purchase the items I needed for carding from a trusted source. Having legitimate places that you can purchase valid carding items from is a huge part of being successful with any level of carding.

Anyways, I think all of us have moments in life where something just "clicks". My week with that dude was my moment. You know? Those Aha! moments that changes how we think, view a specific problem, idea, or crazy money rich fraud plan.

After that week of learning fraud out east in Portland I put my new knowledge to use and went full fucking tilt into anything credit card fraud related. I've committed fraud from that first day and haven't worked a day since. My income is only from committing fraud and from fraud only. I made my own "work" schedule and make good money but this can vary some months. This is my story and this can be your story to if you choose to make shit fucking happen.

You don't know how to commit fraud because you don't know exactly how to, right? Obviously! You don't know how to drive a car until you fucking learn how to drive a car? Yes? The only difference is you don't want to make a mistake with fraud or you go off to jail ass fuck land. I guess you don't want to make a mistake in a car either but you get what I'm saying.

Right now let's do a little exercise. I want you to take a moment and think to yourself. Can you think of people who commit fraud? Any people come to mind? I know you know people who commit credit card fraud because you hear about them all the time... You hear about them all the time because they're on the news, getting charged with fraud, and going to jail. It's not like it's not impossible. Obviously it is, people are doing it! The problem is those idiots don't know how to fully get away with it. Those people didn't have that key piece of the puzzle needed to be successful and stay out of jail.

How many times do you read about a crime where they netted quite a large sum of money only to be arrested for mental retardation? For example, this bloke pulls off a wicked fraud scheme and gets millions of dollars but used his personal email to sign up for the PayPal account he uses to cash out. Like OK buddy? Are you sure? They didn't even take into consideration anything going upside down on them? Fuck! It baffles me nuts right off my body. Not only do you want to learn how to commit fraud but you want to get away with it. Put some efforts into getting the right knowledge before fucking yourselves over.

Click to Read - Man makes money then goes full retard

You will be taught everything there is to know about carding and bank accounts within the Americas and Europe post January 01, 2022 at HackTown. Who the fuck knows what's happening everywhere else in the world but if you can be successful in those countries then it's assumed you're good worldwide. I don't think the country of Ethiopia has better fraud security than the Americas or Europe. LOL. Maybe I'm wrong. I'm not.

>I hope you enjoy this carding course and the other fraud series coming soon at HackTown.

Let's get into it before the coronavirus gets into all of us shall we.